# REMOTE EDUCATION APP - EMAGISTER

### PROBLEMS IN EXISTING TECHNOLOGY AND MOTIVATION OF THE APP

Most of the college-going students are facing a lot of problems in communicating with the college administration and teachers during the Covid19 lockdown. Many colleges are using some remote education apps for online classes, administrative meetings and individual one to one meetings. Below written problems are some major one that teachers and students are facing in existing technology:-

•	During the online classes, some random students login through fake Email-id in the online session and disturb the class either by abusing or harassing teachers and other students (We all must have seen this behavior all around the nation through WhatsApp forwards), this act spoils the whole energy of the class and in turn, the teacher decides to end the class.

•	Teachers also complained about the online test procedures, as there is no way a teacher can invigilate students while taking exams as students can open up the book in their home. So, teachers are demanding a way to invigilate students while taking the exam.

### SOLUTION OVERVIEW - EMAGISTER ANDROID APP

Emagister is a remote education android app that resolves all the quandary verbally expressed above. It contains all the features a student will optate in his/her education app. We endeavored to involve every activity that we utilize to do in offline college times in this App. It consists of **Video call functionality** with a special feature of **blocking students who are verbalizing abusive or deplorable words** during a live session. The student will be reported to the admin of the app and **all the records of the blocked student will be sent to the admin app**. Admin can unblock the student again. Then our app contains **a chat room** for each classroom a student is enrolled in, it will sanction the students and edifiers to communicate as they use to do in Offline College. Then comes the **appointment feature**. Afore contacting any edifier we have to make an appointment with him/her to ask for their time. So our App includes this cool feature of appointment for the students. This abbreviates the chaos and brings the working things in order that follows the opportune protocol. Edifiers wanted an invigilation system to invigilate students during the test. In our App we provided this feature by **camera proctored examination** functionality. Under this an **invigilator can proctor all students through their webcams while the students are giving tests**. Additionally, the edifier can pass their voice in the whole class to convey messages during tests. Withal our app has a feature of **assignment submission**. The edifiers can **upload the assignment questions along with the due date and students on the other hand can upload the solutions of these tests on the app itself.**


##### The code ("Code") in this repository was created solely by the student teams during a coding competition hosted by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("JPMC").						JPMC did not create or contribute to the development of the Code.  This Code is provided AS IS and JPMC makes no warranty of any kind, express or implied, as to the Code,						including but not limited to, merchantability, satisfactory quality, non-infringement, title or fitness for a particular purpose or use.